control we have a 3:10 in progress
because Bakken oil can far what's your
location standard building conference
room backup on the way
dispatch please be advised use extreme
caution this sicko has five hostages and
he's using bullets let's go to the next
bullet point the dander 500 offers new
and improved and revolutionary
technology smile politely like you're
interested my boss will be impressed
that I can sit there yet another one of
these if I had a knife right now I would
slit your throat hanging upside down and
let your blood roll out and tell me the
nice little pool all over the carpet he
doesn't even notice me it's like I'm
invisible he doesn't even notice me it's
like I'm invisible
no why even pretend the Dendera 500 is a
winner and a no-brainer and gross a
great a portion of our profits also
helped to fight stress in the workplace
ok let's let's try something else let's
try the next picture now you can see
here the dander 500 works in any
household it also works on any surface
such as leather couches or even satin
couches so you see the dander 500 can be
used almost anywhere yes yes in fact
ladies and gentlemen the dander 500 oh
god no your next picture Oh No
stand down stand down situation resolved
thank goodness you started using
pictures so do the world a favor and
remove as much text as you can from your
powerpoints and succumb to the
incredible efficiency of pictures
[Music]